feat: linewrapping for editor (#287)
google/playground-elements: README.md

| -------------------- | -------------------------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `projectSrc`         | `string`                         | `undefined`               | URL of the [project manifest](#project-manifest) to load                                                                                                                                          |
| `config`             | `ProjectManifest`                | `undefined`               | Get or set the project configuration and files, ([details](#option-3-config-property)).                                                                                                           |
| `lineNumbers`        | `boolean`                        | `false`                   | Render a gutter with line numbers in the editor                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `lineWrapping`       | `boolean`                        | `false`                   | Should editor scroll or wrap for long lines                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lineWrapping`       | `boolean`                        | `false`                   | If `true`, long lines are wrapped, otherwise the editor will scroll.                                                                                                                                                       |
```
